you're so sup you're so stop your so
stop you're so soft you're so soft hey
chef cook up the food would you okay of
course I well I got this turkey it
smells delicious I want to eat it but
look what I got in my eyes I got milk
and fishes for the hungry little guy let
me to let me eat you oh boy I will be
such a pig I'm not eating one more bite
oh yeah I could come to power anytime I
want man I am dictator I wouldn't think
about that I have to scratch my scalp oh
yeah oh good you're good you're good
good good good good girl so odd he gives
you your safe oh yeah I keep going this
is for you moneybags oh yeah I'll just
be safe in here cuz you save it uh-huh
oh yeah yeah give me oh come on man I
look like a big fat lard oh you're
kidding me huh I gotten a yeah I'll put
these back in there and take the safe
without him noticing
me look moneybags me that great handsome
Felix got it all by himself oh you
shouldn't have any help you what
happened let me have killed it don't you
have children and your life gets better
than the Great Depression 30s oh yeah
here shake hands and it's a deal man
here's your penny oh la la la la la okay
what's in today's catalog I love
cigarettes hey Dad me future good and
you bad take a look at this and can I
have your cigarette oh gee thank you
I didn't know this would happen
oh no dad oh come and save you help help
how i conned out it's okay Felix the
water which i hate saved me that's okay
oh wait this ropes these little heavy
that's because I'm a donkey you idiot
yeah my property ow hey maybe it's gonna
happen let's try who know that at me
whoever did is that angry little guy I
it was a cat oh uh why is it happen oh
my one true love oh oh yeah watch will
you go mister uh-huh oh I feel so bad
for on
oh no I'm ruling out of plans and I'm
heartbroken now what do i do I know I
got an idea
you had me it was me you idiot you never
tell a story like